hello everyone I've got another any box
here you guys know the drill let's
figure out what's inside now again this
is not sponsored content I'm not getting
anything from the indie box guys so just
to clear that up look at my first video
if you need to see that see the proof
that I'm not getting paid or anything
huh what is this
the next Penelope race to Odysseus this
is really cool this this isn't like the
rest of their boxes this is like in soar
like one of those hard plastic like I
was gonna say Sega Megadrive Sega
Genesis cartridges that is really cool
but you know what I could already tell
that this is a generic a generic one
that's actually sold on eBay that it
works for like a whole bunch of other
stuff even CDs but so yeah this is
actually just such an error case but
that's strange usually they're in those
hard cardboard cases ooh this looks like
a shoot-'em-up
that seems really cool let's see what's
inside
well first of all what else is here is
this is this one of those wrist things
yeah I think this is one of those wrist
slapped things I think they were
recalled tough the market back in like
the 90s
I remember seeing these if this is that
I remember seeing these back in god it
must have been Mills Corso and or even
earlier than that sometime in the 90s
80s somewhere around there yeah it's a
show this alright so you see here's the
strap then there you go you just flick
it on you and yeah I remember that these
were actually recalled way back in the
day because I don't know some some BS
reason that there's like metal inside or
something and then I guess the edge can
like wear off and then the last thing
you want a kid to have is you know this
metal you know blade that they just see
flick onto their wrist but either way so
some kid got a paper cut and it was the
90s it was a different time they
recalled everything for any sort of
reason but I don't know it maybe it's
just my memory but this it seems like
it's a poster baby by the way my point
was that it seems to back then they used
to always recall over the dumbest things
but I don't know that trying to kind
continues today all right how do we get
this out okay this is a bad decision
guys because now nobody can get your
stuff out you know what I got a better
idea
here we go all right there we go
you have two poster you know why I don't
like this how they put it in that role
because look at this now it's all now
it's all rippled and everything or
ruffled I don't know it depends on
whether you like chips or not okay
that's just a little little image of the
ship as a harpoon plasma gun black
crystal smash boost teleport drop mines
and you you have a female character that
you play as I guess I guess that's where
the next vanellope thing jumps into play
fast paced action racing game okay I
didn't expect it to be racing I thought
it was a shoot-'em-up
okay let's open this up a lot of stuff
in here
stickers as always alright there's that
a little emblem type thing that is a
sticker than an indie box sticker
I like these indie box stickers because
each one of them every box comes with
one but they all have their own little
sort of thing that they do with it then
this one you can see the little ship
right here at the end but they always
have something that's very specific to
the game that comes with it
now original soundtrack as we always
expect on this that's a nice image right
there I like that alright
indie box newsletter alright the
instruction manual alright that's pretty
typical I wonder if you got weapons in
this look let's look at the controls
yeah you do your shoot boost mines ok
yeah they did talk about mine so alright
so you do have weapons in this that's
pretty cool there's also a hook so maybe
you click on to other racers or you know
to the corners like you know those games
where you can you know fly around a
corner like that I think what was it a
jet moto they were the first ones that
really did that oh wow a cube craft
model thing so that way you can cut this
out of them make your own ship how
involve did is you know what there's no
preparations or anything like there's
you don't punch it out or anything you
actually have to cut it it's kind of
stuck right there at the bottom yeah
they put some glue at the bottom of this
one okay that's kind of strange now
there's that glue right there at the
bottom sort of like what credit cards
come with no steam code what no steam
code or steam key sorry oh okay I'm an
idiot
there we go it was on the plastic all
right guys whoever gets this code
whoever gets the game make sure to tell
me what you thought about it I'm
debating whether we should assemble this
or not use a hobby knife to slit the
white lines with black outline inside
each shape yeah this is gonna be a lot
of work actually all it took was a jump
cut I'm kidding this took like maybe
she's like an hour and 15 minutes to
make I delicately cut everything out and
I play all together and this is the way
it looks like wow that was a
a lot of time down the drain and not a
drop of glue was used I just did exactly
like they told me to no corners were cut
and you know what the worst part though
was this back part these like four
corners they all have to match up and so
that took a lot of time but otherwise
this looks kind of nice really cute
little fins right here and everything oh
geez I was a lot of time oh well I
should get something for that but still
yeah so I was able to make this little
paper craft model right here oh well you
know what some other thoughts I had
about the stuff that's come with the
game I don't know what I'm gonna do with
this thing maybe I was think about
putting a hole in it and hanging it from
the ceiling or something but either way
delicate try not to break that either
way when I was when I was making that
though I got to be familiar with the
game soundtrack and this is a pretty
good soundtrack
it's not anything stellar you know for a
racing game or anything but they have
some really good tunes on here I was
really I was actually like jamming out
when I was cutting this stuff out and
building and everything it helped the
time pass by so I've been through this
got clicked twice now and I gotta say
it's pretty good
it's pretty good alright and then one
other thing that I realized is that
there's actually do you say this there's
like a second cover in here like there's
the actual cover insert that's on here
but then they put in another one because
I didn't realize that there's some
motion to this maybe you guys saw that
when I was taking this out but watch oh
you see as you move it her hair kind of
like flutters in the wind and then
there's this like asteroid or something
that that's passing by that is pretty
cool that looks nice and you know what I
also noticed she's missing her arm
what happened I don't know there's
probably gonna be some backstory to that
or something I don't maybe she gets into
a wreck look she's all beat up and
everything poor thing but yeah either
way let's see how the game is alright
guys I've been playing the next Penelope
and this is a great great game I don't
know what genre it would fall in I think
it sort of falls into the adventure
racing game genre if that makes
any sense as a really cool design to it
because there's like an overworld so you
can go visit different areas at any time
so that's why I kind of say that it's an
adventure racing game and of course as
you guys have probably already figured
out it's also a combat racing game and
the combat is very well done
it makes the racing very frantic and
really exciting especially because you
can't use your weapons in the first lap
so during the first lap you're trying to
get a feel for the track and also you're
trying to you know get ready because
your weapons are gonna be activated
pretty soon this game even has boss
battles boss battles in a racing game
something that I wasn't prepared for
though is that this game is actually
based around Greek mythology and for a
racing game that has these like
spaceship looking f zero type racers
Greek mythology is the last thing I
would've expected to get in here the
cutscenes look gorgeous the art design
this game really sells it and let me
tell you about another thing I'm sold on
I actually get it now so what is it that
I actually get I actually get that there
is a PC indie gaming scene for a lot of
you out there you're probably saying
well duh you know of course there's
always been one but for me somebody who
doesn't really follow PC gaming that
comes as a really big shock to me
because in recent years we've kind of
had this big indie gaming boom and I've
always believed that those games existed
like on tablets in other words if you
were a big indie game then you probably
exist on you know iPad and Android and I
kind of assumed that the games were
successful enough they get poured onto
consoles but really I believe that
that's where indie games really lived
you know but now it's dawned on me the
PCs are where a lot of these indie games
actually thrive and you know I think
that is an image problem for PC gaming
because I was under the impression that
PC gaming is where you go so you can go
get you know first person shooters
strategy games MOBAs MMORPGs and because
of that i'm gonna see now and a lot of
indie games and again I'm not sponsored
by any box but I'm really glad that I
got the service because without it I
would never figure this out alright
lastly I want to mention the soundtrack
again it's actually really really good
it's not as good as risk of rain but
risk of rain is a tough act to follow
but overall I'm very impressed with this
one this one came out really well
I've got to hand it to him I've only
gotten to delivery so far but so far
they're two for two I've enjoyed both of
them immensely so who knows how long
they'll keep up this Wain streak but I
hope it doesn't end and that's really
all I got to say thanks for watching
guys I'll see you next time